Publish minutes of 2024-09-23 - 2024-09-27 TPAC meetings (#704)
hober/web-extensions: _minutes/2024-09-27-wecg-tpac.md

#### Discussed issues

 * (no issue) ttsEngine
   * [oliver] Quick FYI: Updates to [chrome.ttsEngine](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/ttsEngine). Checking there's no interest from other vendors.
   * [devlin] Chrome has two text to speech APIs. There's chrome.tts and chrome.ttsEngine. tts invokes the speaking, ttsEngine performs the speaking. Chrome needed to provide more features for engine in order to support adding new languages on the fly. Adding this for reading mode and being added to the public API for its general utility. Callers will be able to request new languages via tts API and ttsEngine will be able to download the appropriate resources in the background. AFAIK we are the only implementers of this API. Anyone else interested in this capability?
   * [timothy] No
   * [tomislav] We are working on genAI experiments, one of them might be a ttsEngine. Probably not through this API for now.
   * [rob] Would like to follow up internally about interest in exposing this, and if yes, whether it would be through the ttsEngine extension API.
   * [devlin] Oliver, is there much functional difference between the extension and web APIs?

>    * [oliver] Not off the top of my head.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [oliver] I don't know off the top of my head.
```

   * [timothy] We don't support bookmarks yet, but this would be preferable for us as we use a DB for bookmarks.
   * **Resolution**: Everyone supportive of the ability to remove multiple bookmarks at once.
 * [Issue 615](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/615): userstyles support
   * [rob] TL;DR is request to add support for registering CSS in the scripting/userScripts API.
   * [timothy] duplicating something already in scripting...
   * [devlin] So we have file support for registering stylesheets in scripting.registerContentScripts, but not arbitrary css code. Supportive of adding this, but through the scripting API. We do not need to add it to the userScripts namespace since the scripting namespace already accepts arbitrary CSS code in scripting.insertCSS.
   * [rob] So to recap, we are all supportive of supporting arbitrary stylesheets through scripting.registerContentScripts, but not in the userScripts API.
   * [devlin] Correct.
   * [timothy] Yes.
   * **Resolution:** Add support for registering user styles to the `scripting.registerContentScripts()` method.
 * [Issue 624](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/624): Proposal: getLeafTarget() method

>    * [oliver] When discussed, both Firefox and Safari were supportive. I chatted with Devlin, and wonder whether this could be added to the web side, with an extension-only option to opt in to closed shadow roots. I spoke to one of the Dominics on the Chrome side, and there is strong opposition to adding this to the web platform. Someone from Apple had similar reservations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [oliver] When discussed, both Firefox and Safari were supportive. I chatted with Devlin, and wonder whether this could be added to the web side, with an extension-only option to opt in to closed shadow roots. I spoke to one of the Dominics on the Chrome side, and there is an expectation that we would encounter strong opposition to adding this to the web platform. Someone from Apple had similar reservations.
```
